Apps documentation - Dynamic form example (#919)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/apps/interactivity/dynamic-form-example/_index.md

---
title: "Dynamic Form Example"
heading: "Dynamic Form Example"
description: "This guide explains how to provide dynamic values to forms, as well as how to show a new or modified form upon submission"
weight: 5
---

### Overview

Each of these examples will be using a modal form to help the user create a ticket in an external system such as Jira or Zendesk. The form will get a little more complex in each example. In this guide we'll cover:

> - How to render an item in the post dot menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to render an item in the post dot menu.
```

> - How to open a modal when the post menu item is clicked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to open a modal when the post menu item is selected.
```

- How to create a form with:
    - Text fields
    - Static select fields
    - Dynamic autocomplete select fields

> - How to redefine the form based on user interaction

Reviewer 2: would also mention call.values

> - How to redefine the form based on user interaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to redefine the form based on user interaction.
```

- Using `context` and `expand`:

>     - How to access the associated post after interacting with the post menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - How to access the associated post after interacting with the post menu.
```

>     - How to access other entities in the user's context such as the current `Team` or `Channel`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - How to access other entities in the user's context such as the current `Team` or `Channel`.
```

### Setup

These examples assume you have a Node.js App set up using [express](https://github.com/expressjs/express), like the [quick start example]({{< ref "quick-start-js" >}}), or the [example](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-apps/blob/master/dev/node_app/src/app.ts) from the App framework [development environment](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-apps/tree/master/dev).

> The examples on this page use types from the [mattermost-redux](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-redux) library, namely the App-specific types in [types/apps.ts](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-redux/blob/master/src/types/apps.ts); Mattermost types `Post`, `UserProfile`, and `Team`; and the Mattermost JavaScript client. See the end of the guide for the import paths for each of these.

Reviewer 2: I would hyperlink `end of the guide` to that section of this page.

> The examples on this page use types from the [mattermost-redux](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-redux) library, namely the App-specific types in [types/apps.ts](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-redux/blob/master/src/types/apps.ts); Mattermost types `Post`, `UserProfile`, and `Team`; and the Mattermost JavaScript client. See the end of the guide for the import paths for each of these.

Reviewer 3: You talk about the types imported, but do not talk about importing also the Client4 library.

### Manifest

> When our App is installed, we will return this Manifest to define our App:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When our App is installed, we will return this manifest to define our App:
```

```ts
app.get('/manifest', (req, res) => {
    const manifest = {
        app_id: 'ticket-form-example',
        display_name: "Create tickets using forms",
        homepage_url: 'https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-apps',
        app_type: 'http',
        icon: 'icon.png',
        root_url: `http://localhost:3000`,
        requested_permissions: [

>             'act_as_bot', // This is necessary to create public posts as our bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            'act_as_bot', // This is necessary to create public posts as our bot.
```

        ],
        requested_locations: [

>             '/post_menu', // This is necessary to render elements in the post menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            '/post_menu', // This is necessary to render elements in the post menu.
```

        ],
    } as AppManifest;

    res.json(manifest);
});
```

With our server running, we can then install our App in Mattermost using this command:

`/apps install http http://localhost:3000/manifest`

### Bindings

The App will receive a request to provide UI elements to show to the user, whenever the user visits a different channel. This allows us to dynamically show different UI elements or slash commands in each channel. We need to handle this request being sent to the `/bindings` endpoint.

```ts
app.post('/bindings', (req, res) => {
    const call: AppCallRequest = req.body;

>     // Use the user id and channel id to dynamically return certain UI elements. Though for this example, we won't use these value.

Reviewer 4: 1/5 - might make sense to not even mention them (if we don't use them - can just confuse the developer) or augment the documentation with an example that actually uses them.

>     // Use the user id and channel id to dynamically return certain UI elements. Though for this example, we won't use these value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Use the user ID and channel ID to dynamically return certain UI elements. However, in this example, we won't use these values.
```

    const channelID = call.context.channel_id;
    const userID = call.context.acting_user_id;

    const bindings: AppBinding[] = [{
        location: '/post_menu',
        bindings: [
            {
                location: 'create-ticket',
                icon: 'create-ticket.png',
                label: 'Create ticket',
                call: {
                    path: '/forms/create-ticket-post-menu',
                    expand: {
                        post: 'summary',
                    },
                },
            },
        ],
    }];

    const callResponse: AppCallResponse = {
        type: 'ok',
        data: bindings,
    };

    res.json(callResponse);
});

// When static files are fetched from our App, the request paths are prefixed with `/static`, so our files `icon.png` and `create-ticket.png` will be requested as `static/icon.png` and `static/create-ticket.png`. If we have all of our static assets in one directory, we can serve all of them like this:
const staticDirectory = './static';
app.use('/static', express.static(staticDirectory));
```

> We now have an item in the post dropdown menu that says "Create ticket", along with the icon located at `static/create-ticket.png` displayed next to the label. When the post menu item is clicked, our App will receive a [Call]({{< ref "call" >}}) at the endpoint `/forms/create-ticket-from-post/submit`. If we return a form in our response, a modal will be shown to the user with our form in the modal.

Reviewer 4: 1/5 "that says" - > "with the label" ? (since you mention label in the next phrase).

> We now have an item in the post dropdown menu that says "Create ticket", along with the icon located at `static/create-ticket.png` displayed next to the label. When the post menu item is clicked, our App will receive a [Call]({{< ref "call" >}}) at the endpoint `/forms/create-ticket-from-post/submit`. If we return a form in our response, a modal will be shown to the user with our form in the modal.

Reviewer 4: 1/5 - to be comprehensive, it usually make sense to also mention the negative case ("and if we do not return a form" - you will get an error since the path points to "/forms" or smth. else)

> We now have an item in the post dropdown menu that says "Create ticket", along with the icon located at `static/create-ticket.png` displayed next to the label. When the post menu item is clicked, our App will receive a [Call]({{< ref "call" >}}) at the endpoint `/forms/create-ticket-from-post/submit`. If we return a form in our response, a modal will be shown to the user with our form in the modal.

Reviewer 3: I would say that semantically, you are returning a form response (which by definition has a form inside to be valid). If you send an OK response with a form, the form will be ignored (as expected).

Note that the `expand` object with `post: 'summary'` means that we will receive the relevant `Post` at `call.context.post` when we receive the request. This makes it so we don't have to fetch the `Post` manually when handling the request. Learn more about Expand [here]({{< ref "call" >}}).

By defining the post menu item's `Call` with the path `/forms/create-ticket-post-menu`, we've implicitly registered an endpoint to process a request when this item is clicked:
- `/forms/create-ticket-post-menu/submit`

### Opening a modal

Now let's process the post menu item click, and return an `AppForm` to show as a modal:

```ts
app.post('/forms/create-ticket-post-menu/submit', (req, res) => {
    const call: AppCallRequest = req.body;

    // Extract the Post from the expanded context
    const post: Post = call.context.post;

    const call: AppCall = {
        path: '/forms/create-ticket',
        expand: {

>             acting_user: 'summary', // Expand the acting user so we can get the user's username for our post

Reviewer 3: As I said before, I feel these clarifications should not be made in code, but outside the code.

>             acting_user: 'summary', // Expand the acting user so we can get the user's username for our post

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            acting_user: 'summary', // Expand the acting user so we can get the user's username for our post.
```

>             team: 'summary', // Expand the current team so we can construct a permalink for the selected post using the team's name

Author: Also we don't actually need the team name to construct the permalink. We can instead use `_redirect` in place of the team name.

>             team: 'summary', // Expand the current team so we can construct a permalink for the selected post using the team's name

Reviewer 4: " Should we be recommending to use summary in general?" - don't see why not - starting small (and grow from there) makes sense to me.

>             team: 'summary', // Expand the current team so we can construct a permalink for the selected post using the team's name

Reviewer 3: I think the godocs have a better explanation of what summary provides or not. Maybe we should (verify and) bring that to the developer documentation.

>             team: 'summary', // Expand the current team so we can construct a permalink for the selected post using the team's name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            team: 'summary', // Expand the current team so we can construct a permalink for the selected post using the team's name.
```

        },
    };

    const form: AppForm = {
        title: 'Create a Ticket',
        fields: [
            {
                name: 'summary',
                value: '',
                modal_label: 'Summary',
                type: 'text',

>                 is_required: true, // This makes it so the user must provide this value before submitting the form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                is_required: true, // This makes it so the user must provide this value before submitting the form.
```

>                 min_length: 10, // We set a minimum length of 10 characters for this field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                min_length: 10, // We set a minimum length of 10 characters for this field.
```

            },
            {
                name: 'description',

>                 value: post.message, // Use the Post's message as the default value for the description field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                value: post.message, // Use the Post's message as the default value for the description field.
```

                modal_label: 'Description',
                type: 'text',
                subtype: 'textarea',
            },
        ],
    };

    const callResponse: AppCallResponse = {
        type: 'form',
        call,
        form,
    }

    res.json(callResponse);
});
```

> The user is shown a form with text fields labeled "Summary" and "Description". The Description field is prepopulated with the `Post`'s message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user is shown a form with text fields labeled "Summary" and "Description". The "Description" field is pre-populated with the `Post`'s message.
```

> By defining the form's `Call` with the path `/forms/create-ticket`, we've implicitly registered three endpoints for this form to use:

Reviewer 4: might help to specify/mention if these are the only/always three endpoints of if there are more (or less?, depending) for other forms.

> - `/forms/create-ticket/lookup` is used to fetch autocomplete values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/forms/create-ticket/lookup` is used to fetch autocomplete values.
```

> - `/forms/create-ticket/form` is used to dynamically redefine the modal when a particular field's value is chosen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/forms/create-ticket/form` is used to dynamically redefine the modal when a particular field's value is chosen.
```

> - `/forms/create-ticket/submit` is used to process the form's submission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/forms/create-ticket/submit` is used to process the form's submission.
```

### Processing the form submission

Now let's process the form submitted at the path `/forms/create-ticket/submit`

> We've specified in the `expand` clause to include the acting `User` that is submitting the form, as well as the `Team` so we can construct a post's permalink using the team's name.

Reviewer 4: " so we can construct a post's permalink using the team's name." - Might make sense to specify/state this goal at the beginning (as a sub-goal of the ticket creation main goal)?

Reviewer 3: I would even rephrase this to change the order. Something like:

In the ticket we are going to create, we want to add the permalink to this post. A permalink has the shape `baseURL/teamname/post/postID` (or something like that). To get the team name, we have added the team as a call expansion.

```ts
import Client4 from 'mattermost-redux/client/client4';

type CreateTicketFormSubmission = {
    summary: string;
    description: string;
};

app.post('/forms/create-ticket/submit', async (req, res) => {
    const call: AppCallRequest = req.body;

    // Extract the submitted form values

>     const {summary, description}: CreateTicketFormSubmission = call.values;

Reviewer 2: 2/5 add some mention of call.values outside of the code and under `Processing the form submission`.  Let the use know that `call.values` will contain the forms previous values.

>     // Let validateSummary and validateDescription be functions that each return a string if the given field validation fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Let validateSummary and validateDescription be functions that each return a string if the given field validation fails
```

    const summaryError = validateSummary(summary);
    const descriptionError = validateDescription(description);

    if (summaryError || descriptionError) {
        const callResponse: AppCallResponse = {
            type: 'error',
            errors: {

>                 summary: summaryError, // If defined, this will show as an error message under the Summary field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                summary: summaryError, // If defined, this will show as an error message under the "Summary" field.
```

>                 description: descriptionError, // If defined, this will show as an error message under the Description field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                description: descriptionError, // If defined, this will show as an error message under the "Description" field.
```

            },
        };

        res.json(callResponse);
        return;
    }

    const context: AppContext = call.context;

>     // Extract the user's team from the expanded context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Extract the user's team from the expanded context.
```

    const team: Team = context.team;

>     // Create a permalink to put at the bottom of the ticket description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Create a permalink to put at the bottom of the ticket description.
```

    const permalink = `${context.mattermost_site_url}/${team.name}/pl/${context.post_id}`;
    const ticketFooter = `_Created from a [post](${permalink}) in Mattermost_`

    const fullDescription = `${description}\n\n${ticketFooter}`;

>     // Some ticket from another system, e.g. Jira or ZenDesk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Some ticket from another system, e.g. Jira or ZenDesk.
```

    }

    res.json(callResponse);
});

const createPostAsBot = async (context: AppContext, message: string): Promise<Post> => {
    const botClient = new Client4();
    botClient.setUrl(context.mattermost_site_url);
    botClient.setToken(context.bot_access_token);

    const rootID = context.root_post_id || context.post_id;

    const post = {
        message,
        channel_id: context,
        root_id: rootID,
    } as Post;

    return botClient.createPost(post);
};
```

Now we have a functioning form that allows the user to attach a post to a new ticket, along with a reply `Post` made by our bot that links to the new ticket.

### Static select values

This form works for simple use cases, but ticket systems are usually more complicated than this. What if we have some labels the user needs to choose from? We'll call the labels "tags" in this example so as to not get confused with the `label` field for the select options.

If the App needs to provide a fixed set of values, we can use a `static_select` field. Let's add this field to our form's `fields` array:

```ts
const tagsField: AppField = {
    name: 'tags',
    modal_label: 'Tags',
    type: 'static_select',

>     value: [],

Reviewer 3: No need to set value, if I am not mistaken.

Reviewer 3: Either way, a cool example for the default value (if we were to want that, we may not) would be to add a default tag `{label: 'Mattermost', value: 'mattermost'}` to identify the ticket as a ticket created from Mattermost.

    multiselect: true, // When multiselect is true, the user can select multiple options. If multiselect is false or omitted, the user can only select one option.
    options: [
        {label: 'Sensitive', value: 'sensitive'},
        {label: 'Urgent', value: 'urgent'},
        {label: 'Feature Request', value: 'feature_request'},
    ],
};
```

We can then process the selected values in the form submission like so:

```ts
type CreateTicketFormSubmission = {
    summary: string;
    description: string;
    tags: AppSelectOption[]; // {label: string; value: string}[]
};

app.post('/forms/create-ticket/submit', async (req, res) => {
    const call: AppCallRequest = req.body;

>     // Extract the submitted form values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Extract the submitted form values.
```

    const {summary, description, tags}: CreateTicketFormSubmission = call.values;

>     // Extract selected values from the tags array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Extract selected values from the tags array.
```

    const tagValues = tags.map(option => option.value);

>     // Process request differently based on tags selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Process request differently based on tags selected.
```

    const isUrgent = tagValues.includes('urgent');
    if (isUrgent) {
        // ...
    }

>     // ... Process the submission as usual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // ... Process the submission as usual.
```

});
```

> ### Autocomplete select values

Reviewer 3: The note talks about autocomplete, but the premise of the next paragraph is about dynamism. I know you use the "autocomplete API" concept, but it still feels weird. Either way, 0/5.

> > Note: If we need autocomplete functionality for users or channels, we can set the field's `type` to "user" or "channel", and the from will show an autocomplete selector for the respective field type. The Mattermost server will take care of the autocomplete requests for users and channels. WHen the form is submitted, the field's value will be submitted as an [AppSelectOption](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-redux/blob/3d1028034d7677adfda58e91b9a5dcaf1bc0ff99/src/types/apps.ts#L138), where the selected option's `value` is the `id` for the `UserProfile` or `Channel`.

Reviewer 4: s/from/form

> > Note: If we need autocomplete functionality for users or channels, we can set the field's `type` to "user" or "channel", and the from will show an autocomplete selector for the respective field type. The Mattermost server will take care of the autocomplete requests for users and channels. WHen the form is submitted, the field's value will be submitted as an [AppSelectOption](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-redux/blob/3d1028034d7677adfda58e91b9a5dcaf1bc0ff99/src/types/apps.ts#L138), where the selected option's `value` is the `id` for the `UserProfile` or `Channel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If we need autocomplete functionality for users or channels, we can set the field's `type` to "user" or "channel", and the form will show an autocomplete selector for the respective field type. The Mattermost server will handle the autocomplete requests for users and channels. When the form is submitted, the field's value will be submitted as an [AppSelectOption](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-redux/blob/3d1028034d7677adfda58e91b9a5dcaf1bc0ff99/src/types/apps.ts#L138), where the selected option's `value` is the `id` for the `UserProfile` or `Channel`.
```

What if the list of available tags is too large to be computed at once, and we need to use an autocomplete API to retrieve these values dynamically? We will use a `dynamic_select` field for this.

Let's change the field's `type` to `dynamic_select`, and remove the `options` property:

```ts
const tagsField: AppField = {
    name: 'tags',
    modal_label: 'Tags',
    type: 'dynamic_select',

>     value: [],

Reviewer 3: Value is also not needed here.

    multiselect: true,
};
```

This will use the form's `call` to fetch these values at the endpoint `/forms/create-ticket/lookup`. The same `lookup` path is used for any `dynamic_select` field of this form. We know what field is requesting the autocomplete by accessing `call.selected_field`. We can get the user's query typed in by accessing `call.query`:

```ts
app.post('/forms/create-ticket/lookup', async (req, res) => {
    const call: AppCallRequest = req.body;

>     // For this form, we only have one dynamic select field, so we should only be receiving requests for that field. This block is here to show that this endpoint could be called for another field, if the form had multiple dynamic select fields, and we would need to handle them individually here when that field is being queried for autocomplete.

Reviewer 3: If you want to convey this message, wouldn't it make more sense to make this a switch like:
```
switch (call.selected_field) {
case 'tags':
    handleTagsLookup(req, res)
default:
    //handle error
}
```

    if (call.selected_field !== 'tags') {
        const callResponse: AppCallResponse = {
            type: 'error',
            error: `Unexpected lookup field: ${call.selected_field}`,
        };

        res.json(callResponse);
        return;
    }

>     // TicketTag represents a tag in the external ticket system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // TicketTag represents a tag in the external ticket system.
```

    let tags: TicketTag[];
    try {

>         // Use some other service to process the autocomplete request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Use some other service to process the autocomplete request.
```

        tags = await autocompleteTags(call.query);
    } catch (e) {
        const callResponse: AppCallResponse = {
            type: 'error',
            error: `Error performing autocomplete: ${e.message}`,
        };

        res.json(callResponse);
        return;
    }

    const selectOptions: AppSelectOption[] = tags.map(tag => ({
        label: tag.name,
        value: tag.id,
    }));

    const callResponse: AppCallResponse = {
        type: 'ok',
        data: {
            items: selectOptions,
        },
    };

    res.json(callResponse);
});
```

> Now we have our form integrated with an external system's autocomplete service, with just a few lines of code. Note that we also have access to all of the currently selected values in the form whenever we receive a `lookup` request. For example, we have access to the current Summary and Description through `call.values.summary` and `call.values.description`.

Reviewer 3: 0/5, but I feel the pieces of code are a big too big and the explanations too short. Maybe you can put the whole code (as it is now) but take a bit more of time dissecting the code or extracting the important parts and going a bit deeper into those. I know you are doing partly that with the comments, but reading code comments feel less natural than reading the actual documentation.

### Redefining the form after user actions

> Our use case may be more complex, and the form's structure needs to be updated as the user fills out certain fields. For example, let's say the user needs to choose an Issue Type, which should then cause the form to show other form fields based on the Issue Type chosen by the user. We'll need to use the "form refresh" feature of the App forms to accomplish this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our use case may be more complex, and the form's structure needs to be updated as the user fills out certain fields. For example, let's say the user needs to choose an "Issue Type", which should then cause the form to show other form fields based on this selection. We'll need to use the "form refresh" feature of the App forms to accomplish this.
```

Let's add the "Issue Type" field to the form:

```ts
const issueTypeField: AppField = {
    name: 'issue_type',
    modal_label: 'Issue Type',
    type: 'static_select',
    value: null,
    refresh: true, // This tells the frontend to contact our App when the user has chosen a value for this field. We then have the opportunity to redefine a new form with access to the current form's state.
    options: [
        {label: 'Story', value: 'story'},
        {label: 'Task', value: 'task'},
        {label: 'Bug', value: 'bug'},
    ],
}
```

> When the Issue Type value is selected, our App will receive a request at the endpoint `/forms/create-ticket/form`. The request body will be similar to that of a form submission, but it will also include what field was selected in the `call.selected_field` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the "Issue Type" value is selected, our App will receive a request at the endpoint `/forms/create-ticket/form`. The request body will be similar to that of a form submission, but it will also include what field was selected in the `call.selected_field` property.
```

> Note that we can return an entirely new form here. We can also create a flow between several forms by responding to a form submission with a new form.

Reviewer 3: This is confusing right here. I would remove it from here and create a new section somewhere else.

Let's process this request and return an appropriate form:

```ts
app.post('/forms/create-ticket/form', (req, res) => {
    const call: AppCallRequest = req.body;

>     // For this form, we only have one refresh field, so we should only be receiving requests for that field. This block is here to show that this endpoint could be called for another field, if the form had multiple refresh fields. We would need to handle them individually here when that field's value is selected from the form.

Reviewer 3: Same comment regarding making this a switch from before.

    if (call.selected_field !== 'issue_type') {
        const callResponse: AppCallResponse = {
            type: 'error',
            error: `Unexpected refresh field: ${call.selected_field}`,
        };

        res.json(callResponse);
        return;
    }

    const baseFields: AppField[] = [
        {
            name: 'summary',
            modal_label: 'Summary',
            type: 'text',

>             value: values.summary, // We're using `values.summary` here to make sure we keep the user's entered values in tact when we return this new form

Reviewer 3: r/in tact/intact

Reviewer 3: Also, values is the default value of the form field. I would start with that, and then explain that you put that in there to keep the values intact.

>             value: values.summary, // We're using `values.summary` here to make sure we keep the user's entered values in tact when we return this new form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            value: values.summary, // We're using `values.summary` here to make sure we keep the user's entered values in tact when we return this new form.
```

            is_required: true,
            min_length: 10,
        },
        {
            name: 'description',
            modal_label: 'Description',
            type: 'text',
            subtype: 'textarea',
            value: values.description, // Same for this field
        },
        {
            name: 'issue_type',
            modal_label: 'Issue Type',
            type: 'static_select',
            value: values.issue_type, // And this field
            refresh: true,
            options: [
                {label: 'Story', value: 'story'},
                {label: 'Task', value: 'task'},
                {label: 'Bug', value: 'bug'},
            ],
        },
    ];

    const values = call.values;

>     // If values.issue_type is null, then we know that the user has just "cleared" this field. For our use case, we will just return the form as if the value was never selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // If `values.issue_type` is null, then we know that the user has just "cleared" this field. For our use case, we will just return the form as if the value was never selected.
```

    let otherFields: AppField[] = [];

    if (values.issue_type) {

>         if (values.issue_type.value === 'story') {
>             otherFields = getStoryFields();
>         } else if (values.issue_type.value === 'task') {
>             otherFields = getTaskFields();
>         } else if (values.issue_type.value === 'bug') {
>             otherFields = getBugFields();
>         }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		switch(values.issue_type.value) {
  		case 'story':
   		    otherFields = getStoryFields();
    		break;
  		case 'task':
          	otherFields = getTaskFields();
  		  	break;
		case 'task':
        	otherFields = getBugFields();
		}
```

Reviewer 2: 0/5 for a switch statement

    }

    // Combine the form's base fields with the new fields, to create the full form.
    const allFields = baseFields.concat(otherFields);

    const form: AppForm = {
        title: 'Create a Ticket',
        fields: allFields,
    };

    const call: AppCall = {
        path: '/forms/create-ticket',
        expand: {
            acting_user: 'summary',
            team: 'summary',
        },
    };

>     // Respond with modal form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Respond with modal form.
```

    const callResponse: AppCallResponse = {
        type: 'form',
        call,
        form,
    };

    res.json(callResponse);
});
```

> Now we can respond to user action by rearranging the form's fields when the user selects an Issue Type. Note that this handler will be also called if the user clears the Issue Type field, or selects a new value after already choosing one. We can lock in the chosen value by providing a `readonly: true` property on the field after the user has selected it the first time.

Reviewer 3: Making explanations on the comments and forcing the reader to read those, make the `Note that this handler will be also called if the user clears the Issue Type field` seems redundant. Having all the explanations in the same place may help the reading flow.

> In this example, we should share code between this handler and the `/forms/create-ticket-post-menu/submit` endpoint's handler, since they are returning the same form in both cases.

Reviewer 4: 0/5 remove "should"?

Reviewer 3: I would substitute should for can.
